super contra el inicio know anything yet
the kitchen stuff and follow the money
chase at the start of the game I thought
there was a clear yellow card for Samuel
hey just after a minute plate was up
weights are there for lunch instead of
him getting a booking we gotta probably
inexistent free kick against us I think
they're I've had a bad night tonight
good i went to visit after i also tell
you that i personally definitely have to
find a solution we have to stop
conceding goals under these
circumstances this evening we can see
that after only three or four minutes
and i definitely have to find a way to
stop this drop to avoid these kind of
situations based and to help the players
not to consume to cattle uncoated II
tried to get the goal by playing the
ball along the ground for the first hour
method tada it's not the case that
you're more likely to score just by
having more forward to filling me in to
the coast especially against a defense
like interview about you give them those
kind of reference points up front
auction you give him an advantage equity
we didn't score on a number of occasions
if you didn't actors but dita sometimes
for a question you inches so we lost I'm
sorry for the players as they can see
them very very little apart from the
gold pocket if you need to better and
then there was that what the mistake
just after interest collective test
after that I think into only had a
single shot on target after 80 minutes
of football play a new molecule B job me
there's a chance for pallets you'll
encounter trying to build a data we just
needed the goal of course we can improve
in other words we can play faster maybe
our ball possession can get better we
changed our system and play in the last
two weeks so we need to try and make
that work automatically and mechanic is
it on the law I have nothing to be angry
about it yeah I'm angry for how we
conceded the goal I'd like to change
something about your name then there's
the fact that there was some bad
decisions here tonight America and they
all went against us hey PO dispiace feel
aviso de cassis el estado que
seguramente non sono stati
so sadiq a lot on T 2 T contra de noi